# CC_Task2

I have implemented a retreival augmentation generation (RAG) system which helps students to make decisions about their engineering colleges by conversing with them. I have created two bots, one using langchain and chromadb vector database and other without using using any lamgchain and vector database framework. For embeddings, I have used the "gemini-2.5-pro-exp-03-25" as my primary for generating response after retreiving information from given sources and have used the "all-mpnet-base-v2" embedding model for creating embeddings. My primary source for creating a RAG with langchain and chromadb was Daniel Bourke's video but my version has some differences in what model is used, or how prompts are given to the bot as I had to make a conversational one. At first I tried implementing a model which would run a llm downloaded locally on my laptop using the Ollama setup but when that was not successful, then used a gemini api key for using their llm. For the RAG without vector database and langchain, a significant amount of tine was spent on pre processing, extracting texts from our pdf creating emebdiings and in general optimizing it as much as posiible ao that the responses can be as accurate as possible. For my source, I have compiled information from various official websites and brochures of various engineering colleges such as IITs, NITs, IISERs, BITS, IISD, ISI, CMI, Manipal, SRM, VIT, etc and included information about exams such as JEE, BITSAT, CUET, VITEEE, MET, MHCET, COMEDK, WBJEE, UGEEE,etc and have only used the information available on their respective websites which sometimes felt was not sufficient as not much has been given there. But I feel with adding more information to the pdf and including more information from other various trusted sources otheir than the university's website will help inhance the information available to give the best recommendations for the users query. The conversational loop is also one thing which has a lot of scope for improvement as currently the questions presented by the agent are coded into the script and I feel that questions asked by the llm telf which are not fixed for everyone should be the better option while creating a conversational bot especially when you have to help them make a decision about them selves. Also using using a vector database instead of storing the embeddings directly as pytorch tensors as vector databses have storage for metadata alongside embeddings and handle more complex quesrues fater and better than run running similarity searches on the stored embeddings.
